1.
if you have a workforce that enjoys each other ,they trust each other ,they trust management ,they're proud of where they work ; then they're going to deliver a good product .
如果你有一个相互欣赏的员工，他们彼此信任，他们信任管理，他们为自己的工作感到自豪，然后他们将提供一个好的产品。
2.
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
从来没有一个夜晚或一个问题可以击败日出或希望。
3.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
孤独是我最不喜欢的生活。我最担心的事情就是独自一人，没有人关心，没有人关心我。
4. 
everything is under control.
一切都在掌控之中。
5.
Night gathers,And now my watch begins.It shall not end Until my death.I shall take my wife,hold on lands,father no children.I shall wear no crowns and win no glory.I shall live and die at my post.I am the sword in the darkness.I am the watcher on the walls.I am the fire that burns against the cold,the light that bring the dawn,the guards the realms if men.I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch,for this night and all the nights to come.
长夜将至，我从今开始守望，至死方休。我将不娶妻、不封地、不生子。我将不戴宝冠，不争荣宠。我将尽忠职守，生死于斯。我是黑暗中的利剑，长城上的守卫，抵御寒冷的烈焰，破晓时分的光线，唤醒眠者的号角，守护王国的坚盾。我将生命与荣耀献给守夜人，今夜如此，夜夜皆然。
6.
The beautiful thing about learning nobody can take it away from you.
学习的美好之处，是没有人可以把它从你身上拿走。
7.
The useless men are those who never change with the years.
没用的人是那些不随岁月改变的人。
8.
If it doesn't challenge you,it won't change you.
如果一件事不能难住你，它也不能改变你。
9.
Life is not a race,but a journey to be savored each step of the way.
生命不是一场赛跑，而是一步一个脚印的旅程。
10.
I dream my painting,and then I paint my deram.
我梦见我的画，然后我画我的梦。
11.
Just do what works for you,because there will always be someone who think differently.
就做你自己能做的，因为天外有天，人外有人，总会有人想的不同。
12.
You can't make decisions based on fear and the possibility of what might happen.
不要因为恐惧未知的可能而妄下决定。
13.
No need to have a reason to love you.Anything can be a reason not to love you.
喜欢你，不需要理由。不喜欢你，什么都可以成为理由。
14.
One must be convinced to convince,to have enthusiasm to stimulate the other. --Stefan Zweig
想要说服别人，必须要说服自己，要有足够的热情去感染别人。 --斯蒂芬.茨威格
15.
Nothing behind me,everything ahead of me,as is ever so on the road.
我的身后空空荡荡，整个世界都在前方，这就是在路上。
16.
Vulgarity begins when imagination succumbs to the explicit. --Doris Day
想象力屈服于现实之时，便是庸俗开始之时。 --桃乐丝.黛(美国演员)
17.
We got things to do.Places to go.People to see.Futures to make.
我们有很多事情要做，有好些地方要去，要见不同的人，要去创造更美好的未来。
18.
The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood. --Ludwig Wittgenstein
世界的逻辑凌驾于一切的真相和虚假之上 --路德维希.维特根斯坦(奥地利哲学家)
19.
Accept who you are;and revel in it.
接受真实的自己并乐在其中。
20.
Only a man's character is the real criterion of worth. --Eleanor Roosevelt
一个人的品格才是衡量他价值的真正标准。--埃莉诺.罗斯福(美国政治家及外交家)
21.
Don't let go too soon,but don't hold on too long.
不要太快放手，也别紧握太久。
22.
Knowledge of history frees us to be contemporary. --Lynn White
对历史的了解让我们自由地做当代人。 --小林恩·怀特(美国史学家)
23.
To strive,to seek,to find,and not to yield.
去奋斗，去寻觅，去探索，但绝不屈服。
24.
Doubt is the incentive to truth and inquiry leads the way. --Hosea Ballou
怀疑是对真理的激励，质询是通向真理的道路。 
25.
As iron sharpens iron,so a friend sharpens a friend.
铁磨铁，磨出刃来；朋友相感；也是如此。
26.
It is only when you are pursued that you become swift.
唯有在被追赶的时候，你才能真正的奔跑。
27.
Intense love does not measure,it just gives. --Mother Teresa
厚爱无秤，唯有给予。 --特雷莎修女(科索沃修女)
28.
Remembrance is a form of meeting.Forgetfulness is a form of freedom.
记忆是一种相遇。遗忘是一种自由。
29.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness,a tender look which becomes a habit. --Peter Ustinov
爱是无尽的原谅，是惯常的温柔目光。 --皮特·乌斯蒂诺夫(英国演员)
30.
Each day has enough trouble of its own.
一天的难处一天当。